In a world of chaos. some
things never change...
That good will always win...
You stay the fuck back or
I'll laser you. goddamn it!
That love conquers all...
I'm your father. not him.
Ryan! - ...And that heroes
will-will answer the call to protect...
I want to flip a-train. He's right there.
He's ready.
When I carried your ass
to the er. that felt better
than anything that I'd
ever done at vought.
The answer to all our prayers.
A virus that kills supes.
Somebody's been running tests.
To make the virus strong
enough to kill homelander
would evolve it into
something super lethal.
A global fucking pandemic.
What's a little genocide between friends?
Just fuck off and let me
die in peace. would you?
The seven is getting even stronger.
Put your hands together for firecracker!
I am not sexually attracted to you.
It's about loyalty.
I'd do anything for you.
And sister sage!
She's the world's smartest person.
Fascist!
The people will tear it apart themselves.
Then you get to swoop in...
- Like Caesar.
Once he's in office.
we need to invoke the 25th amendment.
Who's handling all this?
- I fucking am.
- When homelander
Chucks all the starlighters
into internment camps.
you're cool with that?
You didn't know about the camps.
You're gonna help us take
down vought and homelander.
No deals.
Neuman would have been a shit patsy.
So I went another way.
Speaker of the house Calhoun.
He's next in line to be president.
He'd like to pledge his allegiance to you.
Now that we have full legal authority...
- No!
- A veritable army of superheroes
will be called upon
to rout these traitors from our
government and from our streets.
America will be safe again.
And to the starlighters.
I'm coming for you. Because today
a new age of superheroes begins.
- You were my first call.
- You got to be
fucking kidding me. This whole time.
Yeah! Whoo!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you and welcome
to the vought international
annual meeting of shareholders.
Okay. Give me my firecrackers.
That's places. ladies. places.
Let's go. let's go.
Hop to it. Let's go. Come on.
Stay in line. Keep it tight.
Copy. I've got them
heading to the wings now.
Front row. you're on the spike marks.
Second row. right behind them.
Wasn't that long ago we
were lost in the darkness.
Starlighters running wild.
Starlight herself on a
vicious murder spree.
But we said no.
We said. "enough."
We said. "not in america."
And together we soared
into a new golden dawn!
Our superheroes are now the
ranking law enforcement officers...
Keep going.
Stop!
We designated the starlighters
a terrorist organization.
Other heroes are proudly
serving in the armed forces
thanks to the new chairman of
the joint chiefs. general mayhem!
Net income is up 21%.
Days past from the future
has grossed over two billion.
And do not get me started
on the ebitda margins.
But all of this pales in
comparison to the most
important truth. that this is a safer.
more god-fearing nation!
Our nation!
Yes!
Despite what that little
bitch starlight tried to do
- at our southern border...
- Got it!
Is there no depth to what that little who...
homelander and queen Maeve...
My god. they're leaving us.
- Take these two!
- Whoa. no.
- Just these two! Please!
- No!
What? So they can tell the world that
we left the rest of them to fucking die?
Come on!
No. Maeve. No. You stay back.
All of you. stay back!
You stay the fuck back or
I'll laser you. goddamn it!
I'll laser every fucking one of you!
This was an AI-generated
disinformation campaign. period.
And the American people have the good
sense to call out a lie when they see...
- s tay back! Or I'll laser.
- Every fucking one of you!
Ladies and gentlemen.
the vice president of the United States.
Tough day.
Sad day.
When a great American like
homelander is attacked with lies.
This so-called flight 37
video is an obvious deepfake
put out by marxist starlighters.
Let's open it up.
Chris Hayes.
Vice president Barrett... look. Chris.
I know exactly what
you're thinking. Literally.
And. no. just because I happen
to be a super-abled American
does not compromise my objectivity
or allegiance to the U.S. of a.
That is exactly the kind
of super-phobic question
that kept me in the closet for so long.
Honestly. do better?
What about your
so-called freedom camps
for the star lighter dissidents?
More clickbait.
I mean. who doesn't love freedom?
- And camp?
- We knew
this would happen sooner or later.
We've been ready.
In the last 24 hours.
we have flooded the zone
with so much disinformation.
people can't tell their
clit from their collarbone.
The share price is only down half a point.
Besides that. damage is minimal.
What's this?
That is a Gutenberg Bible.
Martin shkreli sold it to me at discount.
You're really on top of the world?
Peter thiel. the obamas
calling you for advice.
Everyone loves you.
You can't really think I care.
Maybe you didn't used to.
It's all for you.
Higher the share price.
happier the billionaires.
the more you get to do
whatever the fuck you want to do.
Are you aware that nnc
is calling me a murderer?
Saying that maybe...
I even did something to...
my son.
No. Everyone knows that Ryan is...
sorry. That he is at boarding school.
In Svalbard.
That story's holding.
We're good.
And how-how about you. sage?
Are you...
- good?
- I'm fine.
You're not distracted at all?
After Thomas godolkin dumped you.
You're not numbing the heartache
by stabbing your brain?
- No.
- Then just tell me.
How did starlight get in the building?
I was humiliated!
As if people don't hate me enough!
Your numbers are north of 96.
Anyone can smile for the pollsters. sure.
but millions of them are
still starlighters in their hearts.
Where it counts.
Have you seen the memes?
Have you seen the memes about me?
Posting them... Should be a crime.
Yes. But we can't go...
You're serious.
Sir.
Ongoing conflict is useful to us.
- It keeps people afraid.
- Shut up.
- Which is exactly what we...
- no. no. no. no. no. no!
You promised me Caesar.
He was stabbed by his best friends.
Yeah. well. I can relate to that.
But I need people to be devoted.
To me.
May I speak freely?
Give it a shot.
I told you. no matter how
much power you amass.
it will not make you happy.
You know what's
gonna make me happy?
I think I'll be happy when starlight
and William butcher are corpses.
I want it leaked that. in three days.
we are going to execute
Hugh Campbell. milk.
and the... F-French one.
That'll draw out starlight and butcher.
And then I will take care
of this once and for all.
Consider it done. sir.
You mind being more careful?
Désolé.
Merci à toi. pet it Hughie.
Thank you.
Also. tales of Annie's exploits.
Enjoy.
Put it on my friend.
Luis.
La be bid a.
Annie got the flight 37 video out.
That's all you have to say?
No!
Hello. dad.
Billy.
You are a wanted man.
What are you doing here?
On a bit of a layover.
Thought I'd pop in. say
hello to Lenny and mum.
Proof there's no god. innit?
She's dead. and. here you are.
thriving with ass cancer.
Does it hurt when you take a shit?
Fucking hope so.
I didn't know how to get
hold of you about the funeral.
I noticed an empty spot next
to them at the churchyard.
You don't think that's
where you're going. do you?
I paid for it.
People like you and me
don't get to spend eternity
with the likes of them.
That what you come here for?
Torture an old man?
Where did you find that?
In the attic.
Reminded me of him.
Five fucking weeks Lenny
practiced that rings trick.
I still remember the look
on his face when he won.
So fucking chuffed.
And then he come home.
And you called him a little poof.
Well... Never looked
at this again. did he?
Why are you here?
There's no need to get angry.
I ain't angry.
I'm bleeding grateful.
All the times you
knocked the shit out of me.
gave me the belt or whatever...
made me who I am.
Made me just like you.
I'll show you.
Son. please.
I know.
I ain't got long to go.
Be a waste-waste of time.
I know.
But it'll give me a good fucking laugh
just to hear you scream.
It... It ain't gonna change nothing.
Who says... I want to change?
What's the matter with you?
- What?
- Your heart's pounding.
Are you scared?
No. I-I just love being at work.
- It's... it's exciting.
- Room temperature. like you like.
Have a good show.
I want an 8:00 at Jean-georges.
Tell 'em it's for me.
Move that elon interview to Thursday.
And tell Jerry I said. "fuck off."
If he wants to trim the budget.
how about going after a show
that isn't his biggest fucking hit?
Howdy there. boss.
Don't you look dashing today.
My whole life
has been dedicated
to saving these people.
And yet their hearts are fluttering like...
Fucking rabbits.
Wh-why?
What are they hiding?
They ain't hiding nothing.
They just look up to you. is all.
Meanwhile. your heart's wheezing
away like it's made of ham and cigarettes.
Sir. I'm so. so sorry.
I want to be making milk. I
do. more than anything. but...
them pills just janked up
my ticker something awful.
They were killing me.
How'd you catch 'em red-handed?
Our enemies have started
using bleeding-edge technologies.
Like "AI."
Which means "artificial intelligence."
So starlight did use that dang-fangled AI.
First she went and deep faked
Thomas godolkin himself.
Yeah. but did anyone
actually believe that?
I mean. how stupid
does she think we all are?
To cover up her slaughter
of innocent young heroes at god u.
Then she went and AI'd
this so-called flight 37 video.
That's sloppy work.
If we freeze it.
Here. Yeah.
I mean. last I checked. I
do not have seven fingers
- on one hand.
- Now.
isn't that what they refer
to as the uncanny valley?
Yes. it is.
Those smell amazing.
Someone I love very much
taught me how to make them.
Take these to your mom. ok?
Oi.
Knock it off.
I ain't here for you. you dozy bint.
They're after frenchie.
Vought's gonna do him.
Hughie. and m in 72 hours.
Look. I know you don't trust me.
But frenchie's a dead man.
We ain't got time to fuck about.
I got a CIA gulfstream
gassing up at plaridel.
Wheels up in an hour.
Smile. campers.
It's a new day and a new chance
to learn the true meaning of freedom.
Ivy. you can't talk like that.
Hughie. none of the fbsa
people are ever getting out.
It's hopeless.
Look. I should be the
last guy who has any hope.
I've been strangled by
Ezekiel. I've been hunted by noir.
chased by sharks. inside of a whale.
shot at by Russians.
almost blown up at herogasm
and lasered at vought on ice.
Look. the point is...
And one time. I had to sit
naked on a chocolate cake.
It's a long story. The point is.
by all sane logic. I should
be dead or crazy or both.
Then. why aren't you?
'Cause if you lose hope in
here. you're not gonna make it.
Hey. get down!
- Fuck you!
- Jesus.
Hey! Get down!
Get the fuck down.
- I said. "fuck you!"
- Come down right now.
Hey! Hey!
Jesus!
Stay in line!
Do not move!
Get inside!
See?
He gave up.
What about you?
For god's sakes...
Bitches like starlight make you weak.
That's why I cut out all women.
No love. no sex. no problems.
And literally. bro?
I have never felt manlier.
Think about this. Okay.
Romance. flowers. cuddling. kissing.
That's beta male shit. bro.
That's super gay.
Noir. am I right?
P-p-p-preach!
Yes. And you know what?
As for starlight's little
AI video stunt she did?
Whatever that
baby-murdering three-out-of-ten
thought she was gonna do. it didn't work.
Bollocks.
Half a bottle of rum and you're a
solid five-out-of-ten any day of the week.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Kimiko?
Wow. Your skin is so
oily. like hugging a mcrib.
Wait. did you... did you just... How?
Fucking speech therapy
and fucking therapy therapy
and so much fucking TikTok.
Well. you sure sound
like you're on TikTok.
16-hour flight and not a fuckin' peep.
'Cause all you say is.
"oi. oi. oi. cunt. cunt. cunt."
I liked her better with her mouth shut.
- Where have you been?
- Vought got tired of me
ripping off their guards' faces.
so they deported me to Manila.
I tried to sneak back once.
in the wheel well of a 747.
but I fell out at 10.000 feet.
Man. that took a hot minute to regrow.
They found my asshole.
like. a mile away.
How did you find me?
Ways and means. luv.
- How many men you down?
- How many does it look like?
It's all right. luv.
Nothing to be scared of.
I've seen what your chest
full of murder dicks can do.
So. are you still dying. hopefully?
No. hearty and hale.
See. that's the mistake most people
make. they try to fight the cancer.
Nice one. putting flight 37 out there.
Was it? It didn't move
the needle an inch.
Course it did.
Homelander's fuming.
He's gonna execute Hughie. frenchie.
and m in about 36 hours.
Course. it's a trap.
The question is what else are
we gonna do 'sides walk into it?
Why haven't you tried
to spring them before?
You want frenchie.
You're still working on the
virus. and you want his help.
The virus that'll kill Annie
and me and you now?
And homelander.
Now. you gonna help
us save the boys or not?
Saw the signal.
So. we're doing broad daylight now?
We... Are getting executed.
- What? - C'est vrai.
In 36 hours. we...
They're finally fucking doing it.
They're trying to draw out Annie.
The question du jour is. why now?
The flight 37 video.
"Eye for an eye" type shit.
They lure Annie and whoever she brings
with her in. and then they do her in.
Fuck that. We're getting out of here first.
We're gonna need a lot more molotovs.
so let's get going.
How did you get these?
Flyby. I took it myself.
Wait. you've known where
the guys are this whole time?
That makes me feel angry and
want to tit-slap you. but then hug you.
So. how come you
didn't spring them. then?
Honestly? They've been safer there.
It's this one.
Getting in won't be easy.
The perimeter's just open space.
- That's what I'm telling you.
- I know a bloke.
I mean. he's a fucking worm.
but he might be able to help.
But even if I can get us in.
how the fuck we gonna get out?
Leave that to me.
I have someone we can call.
All right. then.
You like croissants?
Doy. Why?
Take these two.
- No. no.
- Just these two. Please.
- What? So they can tell...
- Homelander?
Hey. you wanted to see us?
Or should we come back?
No. Maeve. No. You stay back.
All of you. stay back.
You stay the fuck back...
Can you believe the gall?
Cooking up these lies about me?
Tarnishing my good
name with fake garbage?
Right. Yes. Totally. sir. I know.
Starlight.
Spewing this filth.
What a fucking lightweight.
I mean. what can she even do.
besides flash her little
high beams at you?
Am I right?
- Always. sir.
- So. then. why'd you let her get away?
Don't you look at him like that.
- Where the fuck were you?
- I was there.
Keeping eyes on the. on
the other side of the stage.
Right?
- Bro.
- It's been a year.
A full lap of the sun.
And you haven't found a-train.
Or butcher.
Or starlight.
It's almost as if you're
fucking up on purpose.
I mean. I know you're
not. That would be suicidal.
You know...
I had a good chat with
Gavin. our stage manager.
And... and it turns out. he betrayed me.
He liked a couple of
starlight posts in the past.
And a horrible meme about me.
It really makes me wonder.
who else is a traitor hiding in plain sight?
Sir. you can check my history. I've
never liked one of her shitty posts.
Here. just check it. Look.
That won't be necessary.
but. gentlemen...
do your fucking jobs.
Yes. sir.
Bro. what the hell? You could
have had my back in there.
Bro. you're not the real noir.
Okay? You can talk.
Look. I get method. Okay?
I fuck with Stella adler.
I just shot honey boy 2 with shia.
We literally never broke character.
Hey. But enough's enough.
Bro!
I always thought I'd stay single.
But you know what they say.
How do you make god laugh?
- Make a plan.
- Ain't that the truth?
So. there I was at the
national prayer breakfast.
and I look across the table. and it was...
It was like the lord smiled upon us.
Talk about a match made in heaven.
- Amen.
Father himself.
Head pastor. president and ceo
of samaritan's embrace ministries.
after Ezekiel's untimely murder.
- God rest his soul.
- Amen.
You two are just a
super-abled union for the ages.
We share the belief in a
dream of a Christian nation.
Think that's why I fell for her so fast.
For me. it was love...
- At first sight. Come on. now.
- At first sight. See. I knew
he was gonna say that.
Try marrying a mind reader.
Powerful.
Now. how about we switch gears?
Like y'all's initiative to abolish d.E.I.?
Now. it's funny how those
three little letters are all in "devil."
People don't need a handout.
It's racist to give people a
leg up based on skin color.
- Isn't white a color. too?
- Let's cut.
Excuse me. but I'm
the one who calls cut.
- Cut.
- Sage.
My sister in Christ.
No.
I don't believe in your magic
sky ghost or his baby sky ghost.
I need the vice president.
Give us the room.
Fuck.
How is married life?
The power of Christ
compel you to fuck him?
Bitch. your hole still smells like deep.
The great barrier queef.
Touchy. Hey. it's not my fault
the American people wouldn't
accept a single cat lady as vp.
Maybe. But still. I don't see
why I had to put tigger down.
- It was the patriotic thing to do.
- Can we hurry this along?
- I'm about to kill d.E.I.
- Not today. you're not.
He wants more starlighters arrested.
But everyone who smashed a window
or held a can of spray
paint is already at camp.
Now it's anyone who
registered as a star lighter
or posted defamatory
things about homelander.
Cyberterrorists are terrorists. too.
True. True.
It's just that we've
already purged the CIA.
epa. dhs. hhs and usps.
we deported the nation's
nannies and gardeners.
we arrested chappell
roan and Tyler. the creator
and they cancelled Coachella. but now
he wants to detain thousands
of American citizens?
You know. I couldn't help but notice.
you registered "barrettforpresident"
dot com. net and org.
- It's exploratory.
- You're a supe.
We made you fucking vice president.
As long as you stay useful.
don't worry. everything'll come up Ashley.
Yeah. Good talk.
"Reacher. massive. enters the motel."
You're huge.
You know what they
say about huge guys.
"They have huge cocks."
Jesus fucking Christ.
- Are you fucking crazy? Get in here.
- Hello. worm.
Yeah. hi. You're. like.
america's literal most wanted.
Did anyone see you come in here?
- No.
- A-Are you sure?
Because I did a deep
dive on surveillance tech
for an svu spec. and that
shit is everywhere now.
Fucking hell. this is a bit of a step
down from that brownstone you had. innit?
Yeah. it's not my fault
there was a contraction
in the TV business.
Listen. whatever you
want. I... I'm not interested.
Come off it. mate.
- You ain't even heard the pitch yet.
- Pass.
Well told... Whatever. Just fucking go.
Okay? You don't have
anything on me anymore.
Well. I still got them creepy
fucking texts you sent. don't I?
Miranda cosgrove was 19 at the time.
And I don't even work there anymore.
Vought studios replaced
all their writers with AI.
And yes. the audience
scores went way up on rotty t's.
but it isn't art. okay?
It just isn't.
You'll ruin your appetite.
That's right.
I came here for an ex-supe
with a certain set of skills.
I need us a tunnel dug.
You do that. and you can stick it to
vought for putting you out to pasture.
H-How does digging
a tunnel fuck vought?
You do the tunnel. I'll do the fucking.
Twenty miles out of Rochester.
- Be there.
- Rochester?
Rochester's got that honeoye soil.
Fucking delicious.
You need a shower. You
smell like a wings top bathroom.
Thanks?
Was that bad? Sorry.
Turns out. talking to people's hard.
Took you long enough.
Slowing down in your old age?
Fuck you. jonbenét.
You guys are friends?
You talk?
Reggie's been helping us out for a while.
Thanks.
Where is everybody?
I heard about the
Pittsburgh raid last month.
Go Marie Moreau.
How's her team doing?
Yeah. they're scoring a few
wins. but not nearly enough.
So. what's with the 911?
Hughie. m.M. And frenchie
are going to be executed tomorrow.
so we need your help to break them out.
Of a vought prison camp?
- You're fucking crazy.
- Listen. you don't have to fight. okay?
We just need you to run
them to the extraction point.
- It's easy.
- Easy. Right.
You know homelander's
gonna be waiting.
I can't.
We know how to kill him. okay?
- But we need frenchie to do it.
- Great. Well.
good luck with that.
Hey. are you gonna
keep running forever?
I mean. if we're gonna really
take him out. we need your help.
So. what. I'm just supposed to
join this little fucking super group?
I mean. we are down one
asshole. so... Yeah. maybe.
- No.
- Why not?
I said I can't.
I know you're scared...
no. I'm not fucking scared.
I got a family to protect.
I can't.
I get it. I do.
Me. too.
Keep them safe.
- We shouldn't have let him go.
- No.
Homelander fucked him up.
Fucked me up. too.
We're gonna need an exit plan b.
All right. so we hit the east gate.
Oui. pet it Hughie. when
the guards change shift.
And we go at dawn.
- We've been through this.
- I know.
I just want to go over it a few more
times just so I can get it in my head.
Hughie. Take a fucking drink. will you?
No. thanks.
Mon ami?
You know I quit.
Leave it up to you to have your
shit the tightest you've ever had it
- in a fucking internment camp.
- Yeah. what about you?
Have you been eating the
fresh produce I smuggle in?
Moonshine's got corn in it.
Hey.
Don't worry.
Annie will be fine. She's strong.
Kimiko. too.
Y'all motherfuckers are trippin'.
Y'all don't know what the
fuck's going on with them.
Hey. you don't even
know where kimiko's at.
What. so you don't
think you're gonna see
Janine and Monique again?
- Is that it?
- What I know is. is that
they're a shit ton safer without
me making a mess out of their lives.
M.m.. you're the strongest guy I know.
We've been in tougher spots than this.
You know. I did two tours
in the 3/8 in far ah province.
The shit I saw would fuck you up.
And even that was Emily in Paris
compared to the shit
that we looking at here.
And even if we make it out of here.
we ain't surviving this fucking war.
We are dead men walking.
Chin-chin. motherfuckers.
- We need more resin.
- Yeah.
Got some more hidden
in the barracks walls.
You want to...?
Attention. campers.
Tonight's screening will
be dawn of the seven.
Tomorrow's screening will
also be dawn of the seven.
"Well. Annie. today marks two months."
It's a little insane how much I miss you.
I've been having trouble eating.
Every day. I see people
giving up. but not me.
"because I have you."
It's very. very sweet.
They were innocent.
Well. I'd hardly call them innocent.
They lied to me. Played dumb
about your little stash in the wall there.
We've known about
that for quite some time.
But I just wanted to give you a little hope.
You're not the one who
gave it to me. asshole.
Ooh. I like internment camp Hughie.
- She's zesty.
- Fuck you.
Do it.
- What?
- Kill me.
Not until we flush out
butcher and starlight.
You think they're dumb enough
to just walk right into your trap?
Let's not insult each other.
We both know they're coming.
Do you remember when we first met?
- How could I forget?
- Believe festival.
I tried to cleanse your soul.
I remember thinking... "Why him?"
What does starlight
see in this gangly simp
that reeks of fear and strawberry
smoothie kids' shampoo?
You know. William and
Victoria neuman love you. too.
I mean. I get it from your perspective.
You're punching up. Good for you.
But why are they so hopelessly devoted
to such staggering mediocrity?
Why would starlight and
butcher piss away their lives
to try and rescue you?
Because I'd do it for them.
Fuck are you doing. asshole?
Thought I asked you
to swing through Austin and
pick us up some Franklins.
Something came up.
It's all bien. baby bro.
I got some rib eyes in the fridge.
Thanks.
Arana made your favorite corn salad.
My bad... Salade le maïs.
I think that's it.
I've been slacking on my duolingo.
You ain't got to do that. bro.
What?
I mean. come on. it's been.
like. a year and some change now
and you still acting like this
is some chill family vacation?
Instead of on the run.
- It's fine.
- You're a shitty liar.
I know I fucked you over.
So. please.
stop trying to make
me feel better about it.
You remember when we
got into it. at the park that day?
And I told you that you had
never really saved anyone.
- You were right.
- Not anymore.
I'm still breathing. ain't I?
And a ran a. your nephews.
I mean. yeah. the
moving around constantly?
It's a pain in the ass.
But it's worth it. to
get to see you like this.
Mom would be really proud of you. man.
Dad!
Dad. uncle reg.
Why are they doing that?
A-train?
That was your fucking phone-a-friend?
Well. I held up my end. luv.
How are you gonna get us out?
I'll fly us all out. One by one.
Well. that will take all fucking night.
All right. fine.
Just as long as we're
on the same page here.
Frenchie goes first.
Yeah. all right. Frenchie first.
- What about Hughie and m.M.?
- We will get them.
But nothing is more important
than killing homelander.
- Frenchie first.
- You sound like Maeve.
Yeah. well. Maeve was right.
Shh! Quiet.
You've been whining like a
little bitch since the azores.
They're already gone.
Stop following my fucking family. man.
I'm never gonna stop. bro.
Homelander's orders.
- Only one way this ends.
- Yeah. exactly.
Right now it's you coming after me.
Then it'll be noir coming after you.
New noir. because
homelander killed the first one.
Remember?
That's how people end up around him.
You smug dick.
Always thought you were
better than me. didn't you?
- Jesus.
- What? It's true.
Sending me 2.000 octopus flesh lights?
What. you think I'm a fucking joke?
Suck my balls. You're the fucking joke.
Look at you. On the run like a little bitch.
and I'm with homelander.
You know. I can see it.
Look how terrified you are of him.
Fuck you.
I'm the lord of the seven seas. baby.
I'm all about that sigma life.
I ain't terrified of shit.
You're so scared of homelander. you
don't even see what it's done to you.
I am not fucking scared.
Yeah. I said the same thing.
It's pathetic.
You're pathetic.
Sooner or later I'm
gonna get to your family.
Xander. we'll leave
when I say we'll leave.
God.
When I wrote the series finale of triple c.
that's crimson countess capers.
it was impossible to. like. tick every box
and tie up every little storyline.
I mean. just try making everybody happy.
You can't do it.
Finales are the worst.
Your voice makes me want to kill myself.
Sorry. Was that bad?
How many times did you come here
thinking. "I should just Blaze on in there"
- "and save the day?"
- No. I already said that I...
come off it.
Don't give me that "Hughie's
safer in his playpen" bollocks.
You left him in there 'cause you
don't want to look him in the eye
after a year's worth of
deep. dark shit you've done.
Let me give you a bit of advice.
Please don't.
Ain't nothing to feel guilty about.
'Cause that shit is gonna get us all killed.
I mean. it is thankless
and impossible work.
Hey. what did you guys
think of the. lost finale?
- Get to work. asshole.
- Great.
I'm fucking starving.
Where you want to pop out?
Bunk 19.
Wait. that... That's a
vought freedom camp.
- Is it?
- No. no. no. no.
Y-You said I'd get to stick it to
vought. not get fucking lasered in half.
Well. that's how worms
get their rocks off. innit?
It's complicated. and I-I don't want to
get into that right now. I'm fucking out.
Hey. Our friends are about to be killed.
So. you're gonna dig us a
hole or I'll Bury you in one.
Drive the action to the climax.
drive the action to the climax.
You guys are gonna want to stay back.
Ooh. no.
Have fun in the shithole.
Ladies first.
Fuck you.
Yeah.
That wasn't so bad. was it?
Don't ever contact me again.
Hey. is it cool if I use this
for the a story in the.
reacher spec I'm working on?
- Piss off. wanker.
- Taking that as a yes.
Fuck.
Surprise.
Welcome. William.
And you.
The gang is almost all here.
And...
you never told me that
this one's nickname is...
Mother's milk.
Okay. So. what's the big plan?
What. are you gonna sandbag
me with the godolkin virus?
Yes. I know all about it.
Suck my fat dick.
Hey. where's starlight?
Just doesn't feel like a party
without my little lightning bug here...
Jesus Christ. William. you've
got a viper's nest in there.
I'd heard about it. of course. but...
Seeing it for myself.
it's... It-it's incredible.
I mean. it's fucking disgusting.
of course. but it-it's beautiful.
What you've done to
yourself. what you've become.
And you did all that for me?
Now that. that is devotion.
You know. William. I know
we're not exactly equals.
but I'm compelled to say...
you are the only one
that's ever challenged me.
And there's a part of me
that will be sad to see you go.
Come on. Blondie's gonna fly us out.
- Annie! Annie.
- Hughie. Hughie.
- Shit.
- What the fuck?
Hughie.
Get down.
Don't you move.
Mon coeur.
Frenchie.
Hey.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just stay down. okay?
What are you doing?
Hey. dick.
I've been waiting for this.
I'm-a chop that thing up like a party sub.
Don't you fucking move.
Don't you move. Get your
hands up where I can see them.
Get your fucking hands
up where I can see them.
Merci. mademoiselle.
Hold her tight.
Where-where is she going?
Fuck this. She's not coming back.
- Hughie. we have to go. We have to go now.
- Hey.
- Ivy. stay down. stay down.
- No. no. no.
- She's coming back. She's coming back.
- She-she can't. Just...
William!
- Frenchie at the Van?
- Yeah.
Come on. then.
Are you hurt?
Where the hell were you?
Yeah. I know. and that's what I said.
Yes. exactly.
I don't know. The usual.
I'm not...
Looks like someone can
catch the a-train after all.
End of the road. buddy boy.
What's so funny?
What was I so afraid of?
You are...
fucking nothing.
Really?
Yeah.
Really.
You're just an empty fucking suit.
Take away these powers...
and what are you?
A pathetic...
weak. sniveling fucking loser.